Most of you aren't even using cloud code
to its maximum potential. It has become
so powerful. But when people start using
it, they think that this is just another
AI coding agent like cursor. But that is
not true. Claude code is so much more
now. You need to start using claude code
the right way with the right workflows.
You might have heard of claude code sub
aents. It's their revolutionary new
feature. You might have made an agent or
two, but that's not where the full
potential of this new feature is. Today
I'll show you my exact system for claude
code. The one that actually builds
complete apps without breaking. Once you
see this workflow, you won't want to use
anything else. The BMAD method and
supercloud take a structured approach to
coding. They are AI agent frameworks
implemented for cloud code. We have full
videos covering both, but currently they
only work through slash commands.
Without these slash commands, the BMAD
method cannot function. None of the AI
agent workflows have been implemented
for the clawed code sub aents yet. You
might think why do we need claude code
sub agents in these workflows? Sub aents
are personalized agents with specific
commands but they offer much more. They
enable powerful workflows with one
significant advantage over slash
command. You can chain multiple sub
aents together. Anthropic demonstrated
this with their code analyzer and code
optimizer sub aents. One agent
identifies issues while the other
resolves them. Both connect and
collaborate in a single workflow for
performance optimization. You can apply
this same principle to your entire
coding workflow by chaining multiple
agents to create powerful sequences. But
what is the biggest advantage of these
sub aents? Claude Code provides 200,000
tokens for a single session. When you
complete your entire app build within
one session, the context remains strong.
With sub agents, each one gets its own
200k token window. This means the coding
agent retains complete project
knowledge, resulting in better
applications with fewer errors. Here's a
practical example. I created a file
called hello.md and instructed claude to
use every sub aent. Each sub aent wrote
a greeting into that file. Claude
activates all sub aents and can run them
in parallel as well. With five agents
all can work simultaneously. This
parallel processing is another key
advantage. A UI designer agent for
example could generate multiple design
options at the same time. Now how is
this useful in this workflow? The main
session distributes work across
specialized agents. Each agent maintains
the context needed for its task in its
own 200k window and returns only
essential information to the main agent
or the current clawed code session. The
main session becomes the controller
while agents perform specialized work.
This architecture produces better
software because every agent operates
with deep context and focused expertise.
This is why agentic frameworks like BMAD
would benefit greatly from sub agent
implementation. Since that hasn't
happened yet, the question remains,
what's the solution? I have found a way
to build your own workflow using these
sub aents. But before I do show it, I
want to give you a glimpse of how this
workflow actually works and what I'm
able to achieve with it. The first thing
to know is that when you start Claude
Code, you'll want to use this auto run
command instead of the simple one. Here
you can see two of the sub aents, the UX
research agent and the sprint
prioritizer. If you're not familiar with
these, I'll explain them shortly. But if
you want to see what they're actually
doing while coding something that
normally isn't visible, you can use the
verbose command and it will show you
everything. Now I don't just give a
prompt and move forward. This is a
context workflow and I need to develop
the proper context before continuing.
First I create a doc structure. I'm
building a YouTube production manager
app to manage videos and sponsors. This
is my complete structure. The structure
varies for each project. The system
created the project and established a
basic structure as part of the product
setup. All this was done from a prompt
that would be created in the workflow.
So, you don't need to worry about this.
After my initial prompt explaining the
build, it conducted UX research for the
project. It activated the UX researcher,
which took 7 minutes and 53,000 tokens.
This generated comprehensive UX research
defining how the app should appear to
users, not the visual design, but the
navigation and overall user experience.
The sprint prioritizer then broke the
implementation into small sprints for
future agents to execute. This happened
with one prompt. The system uses prompt
chaining within a single workflow. One
prompt triggered both agents
consecutively. Now we have our app
mapped out. So what's next? We continued
with the UI designer agent using the UX
agents output. This agent designed the
project's UI with the UX already
complete. You can see the task list. It
took components from the UX agent and
planned each one. Remember this agent
only designs without implementing.
Everything remains in documentation
which is critical. Thorough planning
makes implementation straightforward.
Next came the whimsy injector. One of my
favorite agents. I could see it creating
small wireframes while working. The
whimsy injector enhances the user
experience by adding intricate UI
details and animations that would
normally require significant time. It
builds these elements from the beginning
so that they can be implemented later
on. The agent is designed as a master of
digital delight. I'll share the
resources so you can review its
instructions. It focuses on micro
interactions that dramatically improve
the user experience without changing
core functionality. After the whimsy
injector completed, I used the rapid
prototyper tool. In this workflow, it
only established the app's foundation
following my structured workflow design.
Over on the AIS Discord community, we're
hosting our first ever hackathon, now
extended until August 11th. We heard
your feedback and wanted to give you
more time to build something awesome.
We're also adding a $500 prize for the
best overall submission. Plus, the top
five projects will be featured in an
upcoming YouTube video. So, take your
time, push your creativity, and submit
your best work. Join by clicking the
link in the pinned comment below. And if
you're enjoying the content, make sure
to hit that subscribe button so you
don't miss what's coming next. Now, what
if you mess up or don't like something
during this process? That's where
another amazing feature comes in. The
checkpointing system. This is a
lifesaver. Cursor had already
implemented this feature. And now Claude
Code has it too. Press escape twice to
bring up a menu where you can switch to
any branch. These branches represent the
points where you've given prompts. You
don't need to worry about checkpoint
creation. It's done automatically. You
can clearly see the different phases
displayed and you can switch back to
anyone you want. The front-end developer
is currently implementing the front end.
While that happens, let me show you how
I built my workflow and how you can
build yours with sub aents to create any
app. Whether it's an iOS app or anything
else, one workflow enables sub aents to
handle everything. I discovered a
repository of cloud code sub aents
organized by departments. It includes
design, coding, marketing, and many
other areas. While I didn't include
marketing agents in my workflow, you can
easily incorporate them. To create your
workflow, visit gitingest.com. This tool
converts entire repositories into LLM
readable text. Return to Claude Code,
paste the text and request a coding
workflow. I specified requirements for a
proper agentto agent workflow with
connections between agents. I provided
an example from the Claude Code website
about chaining agent workflows. First,
specify that you want connections
between agents. Provide an example from
the Claude Code site or create your own.
Include the text from the GitHub
repository. The system generates a
workflow with different agents. But
there's a problem in this. The context
each agent generates or requires is
often too large and cannot be passed on.
Context must be recorded somewhere,
ideally in MD files. After generating
the workflow, I suggested changes and
asked about saving those files. It
provided a complete project file
structure and built the entire agent
context system. I organized my workflow
into four steps. UX and planning, UI
design, and then front-end and backend
development. After refining the
structure and prompts, I requested
prompts for all phases. It suggested
marketing and too many testing agents,
but that seemed excessive for a simple
Nex.js app, so I excluded them. The
system provided final prompts. One
initialization prompt sets up the
project structure. Separate prompts
handle each of the four phases. I simply
pasted them with the agents into my
repository. when it's specified using
the UX researcher. I navigated to the
design folder, found the UX researcher
and copied its contents in the cloud
agents folder. I created a new file and
pasted the agents content. That's the
complete process. Once configured, run
the prompts and claude code runs the
agent framework automatically. But as I
was working with it, I ran into a huge
problem. I would input my app idea and
start, but the resulting prototype site
looked completely off. I don't have the
site now, but I have these two
screenshots. The interface was cluttered
and if I scrolled down there would be
even more widgets that looked really
bad. The issue was insufficient planning
within the agents. Even when planning
occurred, it lacked proper review. So I
gave Claude Desktop my idea directly and
asked it to break down what needed to be
built. Then I instructed the UX
researcher to focus solely on providing
the best user experience for those
features and not decide the actual
features of the app. This included
determining which pages to create and
how users would interact, but only
within the app's actual scope. I
provided a comprehensive prompt and it
returned a new design and refined
prompts after reviewing them thoroughly.
They're far more specific. Now, now you
don't need to go through any refining
because I've already compiled everything
into a single prompt for you. All you
need to do is add in your own idea and
the agent file and it'll generate your
complete workflow. I'll make sure to
leave the prompt for you in the
resources. Now, the front-end agent has
also finished. The front-end agent has
finished and this is a really polished
app. The testr runner agent is now
executing as the next workflow step.
After the test agent completes, the
performance benchmarker will follow.
Since we've already written the
endpoints for implementation, this
process will be straightforward. Note
the time these agents require. The
front-end developer took 18 minutes and
used 130,000 tokens. That's substantial,
but the results justify it. The output
is genuinely polished. Notice the micro
interactions. If I had asked Claude to
implement this app directly, it wouldn't
have included these details. The
animations and smooth transitions are
impressive. We now have the sponsor
pipeline and videos implemented with
three modes, calendar, table, and
cananband boards. It's a well-designed
system that turned out beautifully. The
micro interactions look really good with
the smooth animations, and they were
implemented really well. But what if
there are any minor issues remaining?
The performance benchmarker and test
agents will address those. Overall, this
app turned out to be really wellb built.
The app quality is really high. It's
like having a complete notion database
system implemented right here. The agent
is still running and will take
considerable time. You can see the timer
right here. But what I want you to know
is that this repository and these agents
enable truly powerful workflows. You can
use my prompt for app development. You
won't need to make the changes like I
did. And to include extra agents, simply
request them. When you provide the git
ingest prompt, it captures everything
written inside the agents. From there,
you can build complete workflows with
chained agents. These agents have been a
gamecher for me. One important
consideration, these agents require
significant time and consume many
tokens. I started with the $20 pro plan,
but quickly exhausted it. That's why I
upgraded to the $100 pro plan. Even
without the sub agents feature, I highly
recommend the $100 pro plan with Claude
Opus. It's truly remarkable. That brings
us to the end of this video. If you'd
like to support the channel and help us
keep making videos like this, you can do
so by using the super thanks button
below. As always, thank you for watching
and I'll see you in the next one.